[develop]: User's Guide Updates (#880)
ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app: docs/UsersGuide/source/BackgroundInfo/Introduction.rst

The UFS includes `multiple applications <https://ufscommunity.org/science/aboutapps/>`__ that support different forecast durations and spatial domains. This documentation describes the UFS Short-Range Weather (SRW) Application, which targets predictions of atmospheric behavior on a limited spatial domain and on time scales from minutes to several days. The most recent SRW Application includes a prognostic atmospheric model, pre- and post-processing, and a community workflow for running the system end-to-end. These components are documented within this User's Guide and supported through the `GitHub Discussions <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/discussions/categories/q-a>`__ forum. The SRW App also includes support for a verification package (METplus) for both deterministic and ensemble simulations and support for four stochastically perturbed physics schemes. 

Since the v2.1.0 release, developers have added a variety of features:

   * Bug fixes since the v2.1.0 release

>    * Rapid Refresh Forecast System (RRFS) capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Pre-implementation Rapid Refresh Forecast System (RRFS) forecast configurations
```

   * Air Quality Modeling (AQM) capabilities

>    * Updates to :term:`CCPP` that target the top of the ``main`` branch (which is ahead of CCPP v6.0.0). See :ref:`this page <CCPPUpdates>` for a detailed summary of updates that came in ahead of the v2.1.0 release.

Reviewer 2: Do you need a similar summary of CCPP updates for this release? If so I can work on it.

Author: @mkavulich Yes! That would be very helpful! :) If you can provide a Google Doc, I can edit/format it.

Reviewer 2: Okay, I'll plan to have that on my plate. If it's getting close to release time and I still don't have it to you feel free to bug me.

   * Support for the :term:`UPP` inline post option (see :ref:`here <InlinePost>`)
   * Documentation updates to reflect the changes above

The SRW App v2.1.0 citation is as follows and should be used when presenting results based on research conducted with the App:

UFS Development Team. (2022, Nov. 17). Unified Forecast System (UFS) Short-Range Weather (SRW) Application (Version v2.1.0). Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7277602

User's Guide Organization 
============================

> The SRW Application documentation is organized into four sections: *Background Information*; *Building, Running, and Testing the SRW App*; *Tinkering With Workflow Details*; and *Reference*. 

Reviewer 2: This is really nit-picking here (and this is not an absolute demand for change, more a feeling/preference), but I'm not sure I like the wording "Tinkering With Workflow Details". I would feel better about something like "Modifying for your own experiments", or something similar that conveys the customizability of the workflow right off the bat.

Author: @mkavulich How about "Customizing the Workflow"? @christinaholtNOAA Thoughts?
I've never loved this chapter title so definitely open to changing it.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me 👍

Background Information
-------------------------

   * This **Introduction** section explains how the SRW App documentation is organized, how to use this guide, and where to find user support and component documentation. 
   * :numref:`Section %s: Technical Overview <TechOverview>` provides a technical overview, including SRW App prerequisites and an overview of the code directory structure.
   * :numref:`Section %s: SRW Application Components <Components>` provides a detailed description of the application components, including optional application components.

Building, Running, and Testing the SRW App
--------------------------------------------

>    * :numref:`Section %s: Quick Start Guide <NCQuickstart>` is designed for use on `Level 1 systems <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/wiki/Supported-Platforms-and-Compilers>`__ or as an overview of the workflow.

Reviewer: Should this be "Level I Platforms" instead of Level 1 systems to stay consistent with the terminology on the linked page?

>    * :numref:`Section %s: Quick Start Guide <NCQuickstart>` is designed for use on `Level 1 platforms <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/wiki/Supported-Platforms-and-Compilers>`__ or as an overview of the workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * :numref:`Section %s: Quick Start Guide <NCQuickstart>` is an overview of the workflow, and gives instructions for its use on `Level 1 platforms <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/wiki/Supported-Platforms-and-Compilers>`__.
```

>    * :numref:`Section %s: Container-Based Quick Start Guide <QuickstartC>` explains how to run the SRW Application in a container. Containers run on a broad range of systems and come with SRW App prerequisites already installed. 

Reviewer: Does it make sense to say "containers can run on..."?

Author: Do you think I should add the word "can" to the sentence, or are you actually asking if the sentence makes sense? (I think it does, but if you don't, feel free to explain what I'm missing.)

Reviewer: Oh, I think I was aiming more at indicating that Containers may be run on a broad range of systems to differentiate from them already actively running.

   * :numref:`Section %s: Testing the SRW App <WE2E_tests>` explains how to run workflow end-to-end (WE2E) tests to ensure that new developments do not break the current workflow. 
   * :numref:`Section %s: Tutorials <Tutorial>` walks users through different SRW App experiment cases and analysis of results. 
   * :numref:`Section %s: METplus Verification Sample Cases <VXCases>` explains how to run METplus verification as part of the workflow. 
   * :numref:`Section %s: Air Quality Modeling <AQM>` provides information specific to air quality modeling (AQM). This feature is currently unsupported, so documentation may be behind the current state of development, which is progressing rapidly. However, this section is a starting point for those interested in AQM. 

.. hint:: 
   * To get started with the SRW App, it is recommended that users try one of the following options: 

>       #. View :numref:`Section %s: Quick Start Guide <NCQuickstart>` for a quick overview of the workflow steps. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      #. View :numref:`Section %s: Quick Start Guide <NCQuickstart>` for a quick overview of the workflow steps. Especially helpful for users with access to a `Level 1 platform <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/wiki/Supported-Platforms-and-Compilers>`__.
```

.. _list_of_documentation:

.. list-table::  Centralized list of documentation
   :widths: 20 50
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Documentation
     - Location
   * - HPC-Stack Documentation
     - https://hpc-stack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
   * - spack-stack Documentation
     - https://spack-stack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
   * - UFS_UTILS Technical Documentation
     - https://noaa-emcufs-utils.readthedocs.io/en/latest
   * - UFS_UTILS Scientific Documentation
     - https://ufs-community.github.io/UFS_UTILS/index.html
   * - UFS Weather Model User's Guide
     - https://ufs-weather-model.readthedocs.io/en/latest
   * - FV3 Technical Documentation
     - https://noaa-emc.github.io/FV3_Dycore_ufs-v2.0.0/html/index.html
   * - FV3 Scientific Documentation
     - https://repository.library.noaa.gov/view/noaa/30725
   * - CCPP Technical Documentation
     - https://ccpp-techdoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
   * - CCPP Scientific Documentation

>      - https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v6.0.0/sci_doc/index.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/UFS_SRW_App_v3.0.0/sci_doc/index.html
```

Author: @mkavulich 2 questions!

1. Do these docs pertain to `develop` too? 
2. Is there any way to change the path name to include `UFS_SRW_App_v2.2.0` instead of `UFS_SRW_App_v3.0.0`? With the downgrading from 3.0 to 2.2, we may want to save that path for a future release...

Reviewer 2: Good point, yes the page can be moved easily. It should be updated now to 2.2.0.

   * - Stochastic Physics Documentation
     - https://stochastic-physics.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
   * - ESMF manual
     - https://earthsystemmodeling.org/docs/release/latest/ESMF_usrdoc/
   * - Unified Post Processor User's Guide
     - https://upp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
   * - Unified Post Processor Scientific Documentation
     - https://noaa-emc.github.io/UPP/
   * - Unified Workflow User's Guide
     - https://unified-workflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
   * - METplus User's Guide
     - https://metplus.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Users_Guide/index.html
   * - HEMCO User's Guide (a component of the NEXUS AQM system)
     - https://hemco.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

User Support and Contributions to Development
===============================================================

Questions
-----------

The SRW App's `GitHub Discussions <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/discussions/categories/q-a>`__ forum provides online support for UFS users and developers to post questions and exchange information. When users encounter difficulties running the workflow, this is the place to post. Users can expect an initial response within two business days. 

> When posting a question, it is recommended that users provide the following information: 

Reviewer: This is a more general question, but does GitHub Discussions support templates? Maybe not...

I did just discover that you can edit the description section of the Q&A page, though, and it may not hurt to put this information in there, too. It's good information!

Author: Oooh, I love this idea, and it looks like it's an option! https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/2838 Probably won't include for this PR, but I'll put it on my To Do list! 
I keep thinking we should update the Discussions pages with some posting requirements but just haven't gotten around to it yet...

* The platform or system being used (e.g., Hera, Orion, MacOS, Linux)
* The version of the SRW Application being used (e.g., ``develop``, ``release/public-v2.1.0``). (To determine this, users can run ``git branch``, and the name of the branch with an asterisk ``*`` in front of it is the name of the branch they are working on.) Note that the version of the application being used and the version of the documentation being used should match, or users will run into difficulties. 

> * Stage of the application when the issue appeared (i.e., configuration, build/compilation, or forecast run)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Stage of the application when the issue appeared (i.e., configuration, build/compilation, or name of a workflow task)
```

* Configuration file contents

> * Error message or screenshot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Full error message (preferably in text form rather than a screenshot)
```

I don't know about you, but I hate getting screenshots of error messages because it makes it so much harder to grep for things

Author: Good call!

* Current shell (e.g., bash, csh) and modules loaded
* Compiler + MPI combination being used

Bug Reports
-------------

> If users have identified a bug in the system, they can report it as a `GitHub Issue <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/issues/new/choose>`__. For new users, the best approach is typically to ask about problems in `GitHub Discussions <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/discussions/categories/q-a>`__ first, since many "bugs" do not require a code change/fix --- instead, the user is unfamiliar with the system and may have misunderstood some component of the system or the instructions, which is causing them problems. Asking for assistance in a `GitHub Discussion <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/discussions/categories/q-a>`__ post can help clarify whether there is a simple adjustment to fix the problem or whether there is a genuine bug in the code the requires the user to file a `GitHub Issue <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/issues/new/choose>`__. 

Reviewer 2: I would recommend starting with the github discussions, and only mention opening an issue at the end. Might also be good to mention searching for existing issues as well, since known problems are often documented there.
